feat(channels): add WeCom intelligent robot channel (#6224)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/users/features/channels/wecom.md

      "secret": "$WECOM_SECRET",
      "senderPolicy": "allowlist",
      "allowedUsers": ["zhangsan"],
      "sessionScope": "user",
      "cwd": "/path/to/your/project",
      "instructions": "You are a concise coding assistant responding via WeCom.",
      "groupPolicy": "open",
      "groups": {
        "*": { "requireMention": true }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Set the credentials as environment variables:

```bash
export WECOM_BOT_ID=<your-bot-id>
export WECOM_SECRET=<your-secret>
```

Or define them in the `env` section of `settings.json`:

```json
{
  "env": {
    "WECOM_BOT_ID": "your-bot-id",
    "WECOM_SECRET": "your-secret"
  }
}
```

## Running

```bash
qwen channel start my-wecom
```

Open WeCom and send a message to the intelligent robot.

## Access Control

`senderPolicy` works the same way as other IM channels:

- `allowlist`: only users in `allowedUsers` can use the bot. This is the recommended enterprise default.
- `pairing`: users must pair before using the bot.
- `open`: anyone who can message the robot can use it.

For groups, set `groupPolicy` to `"allowlist"` or `"open"`. By default, group messages require a mention through `"requireMention": true`.

> When the WeCom SDK includes explicit mention metadata, Qwen Code uses it for this gate. If no mention metadata is present, the channel treats delivered group messages as mentioned, matching WeCom intelligent robot API mode where group delivery is expected to be scoped by WeCom.

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** This sentence is now inverted relative to the adapter behavior. `WeComAdapter` sets `isMentioned` to `false` for group messages when no explicit mention metadata is present, and the tests pin that missing metadata is dropped by the default mention gate. As written, users will expect those messages to reach the bot when they will be ignored unless they disable `requireMention`.

```suggestion
When the WeCom SDK includes explicit mention metadata, Qwen Code uses it for this gate. If no mention metadata is present, the channel treats delivered group messages as unmentioned. Set `"requireMention": false` only if you want to rely on WeCom-side delivery scoping instead.
```

_— GPT-5 Codex via Qwen Code /review_
